Guarded Pavilion@A pavilion is a large, fortified structure used in medieval times to protect a town or castle from the elements. It is typically made of stone or wood and has a large, external door. Inside, the pavilion is used as a large, open-air room with a large, central fireplace.
Ornate Flour mill@The flour mill is a beautiful and ornate structure. It is used to grind the flour that is used in many medieval adventures.
Grand Gallows@The grand gallows is a large,signifying structure located in the heart of a medieval town. It is used to hang criminals and punishment is meted out here often.
Large Gatehouse@The gatehouse at the edge of the forest is a imposing structure, built in the height of the Medieval period. It is a large, two-story building with a large, arched door. The gatehouse is surrounded by a large, turreted keep.
Spooky Dungeon@In a dark and spooky dungeon, you'll find yourself in a mysterious place where the shadows stretch indefinitely. You'll have to use your knowledge of the dungeon to find your way out and save the day!
Ephemeral Dwarf inn@The ephemeral dwarf inn is a small, but cozy inn that provides accommodation for travelers on their way to or from the nearby dwarven city of Zalar. The inn is run by a friendly and welcoming staff, who will do their best to help you find what you're looking for.
Ethereal Workshop@The ethereal workshop is a place where the powerful and the powerful have their workshop. Here, the powerful create the powerful, and the powerful create the powerful again.
Grim Theatre@Theatre is a place where the harsh realities of the frontier are played out on a large stage. It's a place where the players can be the hero and the villain, and where the audience can be the audience.
Lawless Stable@The Wild West was a time of great lawlessness. It was a time when bandits, outlaws, and criminals were free to do as they pleased. This was a time when the law was not always there to protect the people.
Desolate Field@The field is a vast wasteland, covered in sand and sage. There are no plants or trees, only the occasionalacia or yucca. The temperature is blistering hot, and the wind is howling.
Evil Mining Camp@The mining camp is a place of despair and terror. The people here are brutally exploited andreated, and the only way to escape is by joining the mining gangs that terrorize the area.
